[cloud-2887] New Signup Flow Docs (#51)
payara/Payara-Cloud-Documentation: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/getting-started/cloud-trial/Signup Payara Cloud.adoc

After clicking Continue, an account confirmation email will be sent to the email address you entered in the signup form.

Click the btn:[Verify Your Account] button in the email to successfully verify your email.
You can now proceed to https://login.payara.cloud/u/login[log into] your new Payara Cloud account.

== Create A Subscription
To use Payara Cloud for the first time after logging into your account, you must create a subscription.
A Payara Cloud subscription represents the billable unit for your usage of the Payara Cloud service.

.Blank subscription page
image::new-signup-2.png[Payara Cloud Empty Subscription Page, text Description automatically generated,width=672,height=361, link="{imagesdir}/new-signup-1.png", window="_blank"]

Click on the btn:[Sign-Up To Payara Cloud] button to navigate to the subscription creation page.

.Subscription Creation Page
image::new-signup-3.png[Payara Cloud New Subscription Page, text Description automatically generated,width=672,height=361, link="{imagesdir}/new-signup-3.png", window="_blank"]

On the subscription creation page, leave the default selection on the free trial and click on the btn:[Continue To Invoicing] button.

> .Invoicing Tab

Reviewer: It called Customer Details tab for trial subscription instead of Invoicing Tab.
Because Payara Cloud will now generate any invoice for trial subscription hence no invoice information requires from customer

image::new-signup-4.png[Payara Cloud Invoicing Info, text Description automatically generated,width=672,height=361, link="{imagesdir}/new-signup-4.png", window="_blank"]

> On the ensuing invoicing tab, set the name of the primary contact for the account and click the btn:[Continue To Confirmation] button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On the ensuing customer details tab, set the name of the primary contact for the account and click the btn:[Continue To Confirmation] button.
```

Author: I'll leave it as invoicing as that is what the UI shows. using "customer details" can be confusing because the UI shows it as invoicing.
![image](https://github.com/payara/Payara-Cloud-Documentation/assets/27694244/6bb8d046-6636-4d7f-9f6a-d6249d769c24)
![image](https://github.com/payara/Payara-Cloud-Documentation/assets/27694244/86f31bcb-1301-4be2-aebd-d9879001f20f)

Author: I'll file an improvement ticket to make the naming consistent.

Reviewer: yes, thank you
